instructions updated (#507)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/artifacts-storage.md

# Artifacts storage

Testkube supports test artifacts collection. 

> Currently only Cypress executor job is producing test artifacts. Executor will scrape the files and store them in [Minio](https://min.io/).  The executor will create a bucket named by execution ID and collect all files that are stored in Cypress artifacts location `Cypress/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only the Cypress executor job produces test artifacts. The executor will scrape the files and store them in [Minio](https://min.io/).  The executor will create a bucket named by execution ID and collect all files that are stored in the Cypress artifacts location `Cypress/`
```

| ---------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| api-server.storage.endpoint        | yes         | testkube-minio-service-testkube:9000 | URL of the S3 bucket                                 |
| api-server.storage.accessKeyId     | yes         | minio                                | Access Key ID                                        |
| api-server.storage.accessKey       | yes         | minio123                             | Access Key                                           |
| api-server.storage.location        | yes         |                                      | Region                                               |
| api-server.storage.token           | yes         |                                      | S3 Token                                             |
| api-server.storage.SSL             | yes         | false                                | Indicates whether SSL communication is to be enabled |
| api-server.storage.scrapperEnabled | yes         | true                                 | Indicates whether executors should scrape artifacst  |

> The API Server is accepting following environment variables:

Reviewer: Are these environment variables mandatory?

If so: `The API Server expects following environment variables:`

Or if not `The API Server accepts following environment variables:`

Author: ```suggestion
The API Server accepts the following environment variables:
```
